this is a final round style icon and two
the strongest rivals are now
celebrate your stormy ovations
Olya Leonova and Valeria family access to
evening dresses
if girls see evening dresses like that
then I am sure that the evening expects to be not
as boring as a respected jury
I can say one thing is not the same
the best evening dress that I
ever seen in my life and me
it seems that this task could be
more interesting could be brighter
let's here salt on what all the same I think
that under this dress would be appropriate to wear
and more wide that closes
here and closes most of the dad they
open like that now for watts
cooked onions and I am satisfied with the tail of a
the front is that there is transparency
is that she's like a black plucked swan
That is what it is and concerns
Valerchik but color fashionable, I understand
up-to-date but that's not for those
wallpaper to do at home is exactly the station board
nothing can be very dangerous for the face
but you could have saved the situation if
you used coral help as
like you know the birthday of the water
and here and sewed a beautiful swamp color
dress here and there such a treasure among the yellow
and bercy is the only plus really
this dress
I agree that the color is interesting but
his most important plus is what it is
the dress closes this shoe
despite the fact that it is a blood mission
home for girls the most where they are
can go this for a birthday one
he or the black swan funeral now
a very difficult decision will be made by our jury
because this is the final and only one of
our girls deserve to be an icon of style
toyota resolved to
grand exit or so so not there at all
grant new grant here is olya for a threesome
black dress what type is it with him
water but it seems like sex and it seems like there
these petals or this feathers did not understand what
it's not interesting to see at all
something there is opened this more or less
she is from green so it is light
but I just go for the petals look
shooters I what for you what tape
here sits in the ears than jury chanel from
Chanel's eyes from spoiling for nothing here even
from debt there is nothing and this is what ours
girls
finalists are clearly watching our
program 1 copied our style icon
Katyush aether 2 fully copied
the final release of our ward style icon
yeah that's the way out for me now girls
participating in our program very often
misread our remarks
or vice versa too exaggerated
perceive that we praise the field well, not
I know for me know this girlfriend
waterman and girl don't understand what
the most crucial moment has come
our show is now one of these heavenly
the birds will fly three meters down
heights will be left with nothing and the second
will stay on the pedestal and get everything
so who was stronger than whose style
taste and wardrobe won not only zhurit
but also our viewers who end up worthy
title style icons
let's start the countdown together
style icons becomes yes girl very
worthy as far as I know on the director
modeling agency here and i think that
absolutely spring
worthy of victory